whose guitar guitar Epson and what do
soon requests I've had on my orange Rock
50 demo some people wanted to hear the
rock mark - so all that is different
with the Rockefeller mark - is that we
have more EQ controls on the Food
Channel
previously it was just a volume treble
and bass now we have trouble middle
dates and volume for the clean channel
the Duras channel is pretty much exactly
the same in layout and we have a master
reverb here at august wish to go between
two channels standby and on/off switch
got effects around the back speaker
outputs etc etc and we are running
through an orange to my 12 open back
cabinet with Celestion vintage thirties
I've got my own backside carbon copy and
I love delay relativity effects loop and
guitar wise I am using a feather
American special Telecaster this one has
Texas special pickups and then our we
want some humbucking tones with a 59
reissue Gibson Les Paul I hope you enjoy
you